1)Champion inclusion give me some points related it industrie as employee I need to write end of the year review 

ANS: I Make sure to listen to everyone's ideas and supporting evry one to ensure everyone felt included.

2)Communicate clearly

ANS: Have listend others, and making sure everyone understood key information during discussions and communicate updates regularly, ask clarifying questions when needed, and ensure that everyone was on the same page

3)Cultivate Relationships
ANS: Have worked on building good relationships by being approachable, helping others when needed, and creating a positive atmosphere in the team."



4) Inspire Growth

ANS: I inspired growth by offering support, sharing ideas and useful resources, and motivating others to learn new skills

5)instill ownership give me some points related it industrie as employee I need to write end of the year review 

ANS:  I took responsibility for my tasks, ensured timely delivery. I also supported my colleagues by offering help when needed, encouraging them to take ownership of their work and stay on track with deadlines."

6) Propel Change give me one point related it industrie as a team member 
I helped drive change by suggesting new ideas and being flexible in adapting to changes as team.



##############################
1)Collaboration give me some points related it industrie as a python developer in team

1. Worked closely with teammates to ensure we were all tasks aligned and helped each other solve coding challenges.
2. Participated in reviews and testing to catch issues early and to develop new solutions.
3. Helped team members with difficult tasks, sharing solutions and offering guidance when needed.
4. Collaborated with the team to choose the right tools and libraries, making our development process smoother.

Development Goals


Casper Application Development:
1) Understand and implement asynchronous views and tasks in Django using Python’s celery for async support to build more efficient, high-performance applications.
2) Implemented caching strategies in Django to improve application performance and reduce load times.
3) Build Django middleware by creating custom middleware to handle cross-cutting concerns like logging, security, or request&response processing, improving app performance and maintainability.
4) Implemented Ingestion Testing and End of the DAY(TAR and ITR) Reports functionality in casper to help user to review their EOD data.
5) Developed Ingestion and simulator and report testing fetures and enhancements daily and montly basis.


Business goals
I aim to create efficient solutions that streamline workflows, improve system performance, and help the team meet business objectives.
1)ESMA, ASIC, MAS and UKDERV - Ingestion: Automates data ingestion with client response to help validate testing of data quality
2)ESMA, ASIC, MAS and UKDERV - Reports(ITR and TAR): Automated Eod the day reports for clients review their eod reports and data quality.
3)RSF Frame work: Implemennted muliptule UDF's in snowflake for Data processing. 



Suproted multiple pepole to developing skills by mentoring other developers, sharing knowledge with in the team, and taking on more responsibilities in project planning and execution.
Have enrolled in training for Snowflake to deepen my knowledge of cloud data platforms and enhance my ability to work with large-scale data processing and analytics.


